c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\Tess.exe.config
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\Tess.exe
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\Tess.pdb
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\Tesseract.dll
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\Tess.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\Tess_Content.g.cs
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\Tess_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\Tess.g.resources
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\Tess.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\Tess.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\Tess.exe
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\Tess.pdb
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\x64\liblept168.dll
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\x64\libtesseract302.dll
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\x86\liblept168.dll
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\x86\libtesseract302.dll
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\Tesseract.xml
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\Utilities.dll
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\Utilities.pdb
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\Utilities.xml
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\Database1.mdf
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\bin\Debug\Database1_log.ldf
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\NavWindow.baml
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\NavWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\Dictionary.baml
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tess\Tess\obj\Debug\Dictionary.g.cs
