c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Drako3.dll
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Drako3.pdb
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Drako3_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.g.resources
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.dll
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.pdb
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\SettingsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\NewGamePage.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\NewGameSettings.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\urbanowicz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\PanoramaPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Drako3.dll
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Drako3.pdb
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Drako3_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\NewGamePage.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\NewGameSettings.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\PanoramaPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\SettingsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.g.resources
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.dll
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.pdb
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Drako3.dll
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Drako3.pdb
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Drako3_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\NewGamePage.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\NewGameSettings.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\PanoramaPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\SettingsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.g.resources
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.dll
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.pdb
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Desktop\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\GameMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\GameMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\Drako3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\urbanowicz\Documents\GitHub\Tess\Drako3\Drako3\obj\Debug\LoadGamePage.g.cs
